This site is about me – Raphael Pesebre – and acts as the first stepping stone into who I am as a person. It can demonstrate my strengths, accomplishments, work, interests and gives my contact details. The website also contains information about me and my personality as I still use several variants of nicknames: Ram, Matyu, Sebs or Pesebs. From there I encourage each guest to go through the sections of the site, as this would allow introducing myself and the skills more effectively.
Constructing this portfolio was fun but can become a little demanding now and then. Although I took HTML and web development from my Junior high school up to the end of the 9the grade in my previous school, I faced some difficulties while using the such platforms as GitHub and 000webhost. Despite the fact I knew that I could write the code for the website, it was my first time to configure the hosting and managing the version control.
Many participants mentioned that the very first thing they encountered was particularly difficult, and this was GitHub. I was working on learning how to manage repositories, pushing my code, and sweeping at the same time, as to ensure that everything was in its proper place. Likewise, there are some issues with 000webhost, through which I hosted my domain name. I experienced difficulties with uploading files and configuring the settings which will help to make my web-site freely accessible on the Internet.
Deciding that I could no longer do this by myself, I consulted my brother who has been around these tools more often. He helped me establish my GitHub repository, connect it to 000webhost, and fix problems as well. I had several issues that I met and he helped to solve them to make me host my portfolio.
Of course, it was not easy but the outcome of the website was good. This stands as my evolution in the capacity of a web developer, and my contingency plan. I learned in this project useful lessons that I will carry to the other projects in the future and that is why I have desire for the expansion of the experience.
